So we actually just learned
some interesting lessons.
Probability of any random variable y
can be written as probability of Y,
given that some other random variable,
X assumes value i, times probability
of X equals i, summed over all possible
outcomes i, for the random variable X.
This is called Total Probability.
The second thing we learned has to
do with negation of probabilities.
We found that probability of not x given
y is 1 minus probability of X given Y.
Now, you might be tempted to say what
about the probability of X given not Y?
Is this the same as 1 minus
probability of X given Y?
And the answer is absolutely no,
it's not the case.
If you condition on something that
has a certain probability value,
you can take the event you're
looking at and negate this.
But you can never negate
your position variable and
assume that these values add up to 1.